So a lot was covered let's dive in deeper.
We have a look at our application our app Marchal.
You already see that routing takes up some significant space in our app Marchal.
So typically if you have more than let's say two or three routes you don't add a directory in the app
module.
Instead you add a new file which is for the application as a whole typically is called app routing module.
So the apps dash routing much see file now will hold a segment module and that will have a whole module
core section about angle or modules later in the course there we will dive much deeper and learn how
you can define and use multiple modules used together.
This is a super easy use case here.
So let's added Now here I will give us a name of app routing module because that is what it is and it
receives to us at ngi module decorator.
So this is configured with a Java object being passed to it.
And this will be a super simple module.
Now as mentioned I will dive deeper into this later.
You can basically build your angler app from multiple modules.
This simple module here will handle all our routing related tasks.
So I will cut all my routes this app routes constant and add it in there of course.
Now I need to make sure that all these imports you're at it.
So make sure to add all the imports to Oreille all these components and also of course here are two
routes from the Anglo router package and you don't need to add declarations here because these components
already are declared in your app module and we will see one at the app routing module to dis route module.
So no need to redeclare them.
This would actually even give you an error.
We also have to remove the router module from here from our root module level we can remove the imports
from the router package make sure to import the router module in your app routing module now so to add
this import here and now we need to configure something in engine module.
We basically want to add imports again.
We had this in the app module to add an imports you want to use this router module use for root as before
and pass our routes array to it.
So just like we did before but that alone is not enough now because as I mentioned we simply want to
use this app routing Marshall to outsource our routes.
Therefore we need to add our app routing module back to our main module.
And for this we need to add the exports array here.
And I just can mention again we will dive deeper into modules later in the course exports simply tale's
angular hay from this module.
If I were to add this module to the imports of the never module what should be accessible to this module
which imports this module.
And the one thing we want to make accessible is our router module.
Now here you don't call for route because you did this year.
So in the first step you configure this router module and add your own routes to it.
Now we simply export this configured router module and therefore an app module we can now import our
own app routing module.
So you're on the imports array.
We can simply add AB routing module make sure to add to import path here.
And with that we have the same setup as before but with a bit of a leaner AB module and our routing
functionality outsourced in this separate module which is kind of a good practice to do to keep your
files organized and easy to read.
So same behavior as before if we save as with Engy serve still running we should therefore see that
everything still works and does looks good to me.
But again important to understand now with a different set up a bit more readable and a good practice
to implement.
If your application grows more complex